Introduction. How am I, I'm in a lot of pain, my left eye is killing me! How old am I, I was born in 1994. My name is Cinderella Todd. 

Reason for visit. The reason I am here is my eye is so painful, please help me, my eye is so painful!
This morning I was putting in my contact lenses an I don't know how but I accidentally wetted the contact lens for my left eye with soy sauce rather than the proper solution. Help, it's really painful. I know wetting my contact lens with soy sauce was a mistake, it was an accident, please help its really painful! It's so painful I can't take the contact lens out, my contact lens is still in my eye, help!

Other symptoms. My vision, well, my vision is actually obviously not as clear as it's supposed to be, because of how painful my left eye is. But before I put my contact lenses in, it was pretty good. My eye is sore and red, please help, I can't wait much longer. I don't get any headaches, I don't see any flashes of light, I don't see any floaters. Usually, my distance and near vision are good although I occasionally I feel my vision is a bit hazy and sometimes I get some glare from bright lights. I don't get any double vision.


Last examination and optical correction. My last eye examination was about 18 months ago. Oh I'm so sorry, I left my glasses at home, I was in such a panic to get here this morning. Please help me as quickly as you possibly can. My glasses are about 18 months old. My last contact lens appointment was about 6 months ago. 

My ocular history and previous eye problems, I've never had any other problem with my contact lenses or my eyes in the past, do you have to ask all these questions, please lets just get on with it, my eye is so sore!

Family ocular and medical history. There's no family history of any problems, but most of them are short sighted, but please let's hurry along; my eye is so painful! No one in my family has had an eye problem as far as I know, and they are all healthy, no cataract, glaucoma, macular disease or anything like that, please can we move on and fix my eye? No one in my family has any health problems, they are all in good health as far as I know.

My general health is good, I don't take any medicines or pills.

My occupation is I'm a speech therapist. I don't really have any hobbies to talk about, but I do spend about 8 hours a day looking at screens, mostly my computer. The nearest thing I have to a hobby is shopping, which I enjoy, and watching reality TV shows from the early 2000s.

Yes, I do drive, I drove here this morning actually, just with my contact lenses in.

I don't have anything else to tell you, please let's hurry along. My eye is so sore! I just want this sorted out as quickly as possible.

