Hello, good day to you. My name is Michael Ditcher. My address is The Penthouse, Busytown Towers ,1 Main Rd, Busytown. EA17 1AA. My doctor's name is Doctor Farr, Yellow-Butter Medical Centre, Menig Menyn Melyn Road, Busytown, EA17 9AE.

I was born on the 30th of November 1961.

Reason for visit. I'm just here for a routine eye test today. I don't have any particular problems with my eyes, but sometimes I can't see as well at night time as I would like to be able to. I suspect this may just be down to my age. Yes, it's my vision in dim light, it's just not so good as was, I think, perhaps it's just getting old. I would say my vision at night has been getting a bit worse over quite a few years now.

Other symptoms. I don't suffer with headaches. I don't have double vision. I don't know what diplopia is, can you explain that to me. I don't see flashes of light in my vision. Floaters, what are you talking about, I don't understand, what are floaters? I don't have floating specks drifting around my eyes. My vision is generally very good. I can see very well at distance and up close. I don't have any allergies. 

My last eye examination, I don't remember when that was exactly perhaps a couple of years now. At my last eye examination I did get some new glasses for distance vision. I've had glasses for distance vision for ages because I'm a bit shortsighted. The good news is I don't really need reading glasses, I can read well without any glasses. In fact, if I try reading with my glasses, its hopeless I can't see anything, that's why I always take my glasses off to read.

I've not had problems with my eyes in the past, although my previous optician used to see me once a year; I don't know why that is. I've never had to see a doctor or visit a hospital because of my eyes, I'm only a bit shortsighted.

My general health is very good. Tablets and pills, yes I take quite a few, aspirin, duloxetine, allopurinol, and I'm under review for sleep apnoea because sometimes I wake up in the morning feeling like I haven't slept at all. I probably should lose some weight!

Both my parents had glaucoma: I don't know if they were treated for it with surgery or drops, but it was certainly something they mentioned regularly.

There's a history of heart disease in my family, both parents that is, and general circulation problems. A cousin of mine has Raynaud's phenomenon.

I do drive; I drive a classic Jaguar, but only when the Bentley is in for servicing.

Computer use, I'm on the computer at work all day, its pretty intense screen use. I also look at my mobile phone a bit, and watch tv. I can't tell you exactly how long I am looking at screens but its quite a bit given my job.

For work, I'm a divorce lawyer: I run a firm called Ditcher and Leggitt LLP. Outside of work I like pouring boiling water down ant hills: it pleases me to watch the ant's nest die, just like so many marriages!

Hobbies, I don't do much but, I do watch some television but not very much, mostly documentaries on BBC Four. Occasionally I'll take a day out to the countryside and I do enjoy walking, particularly the hills nearby, that can be fun.

I think that's covered all we need. Why are you asking more questions, I should start to charge from my time!
