
Hello, How old am I, I am born on 17th of September 1973. How am I, I am good. My name is Benjamin Burgos.

I wonder if there is anything that you can do to help me, I think I need stronger glasses. I have come for an eye examination today because my vision is quite poor and now I find that I am falling on stairs occasionally.  I've had three falls in the last two months. Perhaps if you could just make my distance glasses a bit stronger it would help me.

My last sight test wasn't very long ago, about a year ago, however I am finding it really hard to adapt to having only one eye.

My glasses are bifocals, I got them from another optician about a year ago. With my glasses on, my distance vision in my right eye is not too bad but my left eye is hopeless, I don't see anything with that eye. Reading with the glasses is okay but not great. To be honest, when I'm outside, sometimes I don't bother wearing my glasses, my vision is not so good but, I've got used to it. I mainly use my glasses inside but the bifocal bit can get in the way when I am looking down.

I'm not having any problems in terms of pain or vision exactly, although my vision is not very good, but am just struggling more with my day-to-day life. I don't have any pain or any new flashes or floaters in my vision. I do not have any flashing lights now but I used to have them in the past. I do not have headaches and I don't get headaches. Sometimes I feel a sort of contraction like pain in the left eye, but that is very now rare and goes away on its own. But I find I keep falling on steps, especially small ones or when I'm out they don't have the line markings on the edges.

I do have quite a long history of eye problems I'm afraid. I might have forgotten a few things, but I got my first retinal detachment when I was in Columbia. The eye operation I had there, in Colombia, was different to the ones that I have had here in Wales. I think they put a belt or buckle in my left eye, at least that's what they call it, but the other 2 in my left have been with laser and the two in my right have also been treated with laser. I also had a cataracts operation and they put a glass lens in the front of my eye too. I was really short sighted back then before the operation, I think it was something like -12 diopters, before the lens implant. I lost one of these lenses in my left eye and they placed in a new one and I had to take drops after that. I think the name of the drops started with the letter C. I also had an operation on my left to do with my macular. I going to see the doctor at the eye hospital soon, next month I think. I should also be registered as sight impaired by then too. I've been told by the hospital that the pressure in my left is too high, they put gas bubbles into my eye for the RD, so I think it could have been from that, but I take drops to keep the pressure lower.

My family have some eye problems, my mum and my brother are really shortsighted. Regarding my family's general health my dad and my brother have diabetes. I don't have diabetes, but I have been told that my blood pressure is maybe a bit too high, so they keep monitoring me for that. I get a lot of back pain too, and I have to take paracetamol most days for that, but I guess there is not a lot that you could do for my back pain. I get skin allergies too but that doesn't affect me as much as my back, which is a right pain in my back if you excuse the pun. 

I have brought a list of medications that I take for you that my wife has kindly written down, otherwise I wouldn't have a chance of remembering everything. Loratadine, fexofenadine for my allergies and paracetamol for my back pain. For the left eye only I take Brinzolamide and Ganfort eye drops for the eye pressure.

I used to smoke back when I lived in Columbia, but I haven't in about 30 years since moving to Wales, my wife wanted me to stop anyway, but it helped that I don't like the cigarettes from here as much, and they are much more expensive!


I have never worn contact lenses; despite all the eye surgeries I find eyes a bit squeamish.

Ever since losing my left eye vision I decided to retire from my gardening job, that's what I did for a living. Since retiring, I do more time on screens now, about 2 hours a day on my phone or the telly, I feel like my grandchildren are always on a screen. I used to be a gardener and I loved it, now I have to settle for watching the gardening programs on the telly. I had to give up driving too which I don't mind too much, before I was driving my wife round everywhere, now I get to sleep in the car.

I used to be very sporty, but now the most sporting activity I get is aqua aerobics, it is much easier to move around when the water holds you up! I used to love skiing but now I find it much harder to judge the depth of things and I think that would be very dangerous with the snow and the sides of mountains so I think I will have to stick to a pool where I can put my feet on the ground.

I do not have anything else to add. I do not have anything else to tell you (add)
